Mobila Bucatarie
Hello, good people!
Today I will talk to you about the mistakes that
people make them when they plan
the kitchen and kitchen furniture are
information not found on YouTube
or on Google, so stay until the end
if you want to have a kitchen of grade 10.
I'm Constantin Barbu and I'm 18
years in the field of production of
furniture, of which 6 years a
worked as a furniture fitter.
During all this period I entered
in many, many homes and
I decided to share with you in
this tutorial errors most often
encountered that I observed
throughout this period.
So let's get started.
A very common mistake I have
noticed that there is a lack of this space
of work between the sink and the hob.
A natural order would be this first
the sink where we wash the food.
Then this workspace of
minimum 600 millimeters, in which.
We cut and shred food and
the third is the preparation area
thermal, respectively the stove, where
the vegetables arrive to be cooked.
What do I want to emphasize here?
Always take one of each
calculated to keep this
space between sink and hob.
The presence of this is also very important
drawer dedicated specifically to cutlery.
Equally important
it's also his positioning.
Ideally it should be present in
close proximity to the work area
of this active area of the kitchen.
I would personally equip all the kitchens
just with drawers and I would give up then.
I'll show you why right away.
Suppose we have an object
which is stored on the shelf of
down at the back of it.
It will be very difficult to reach him
where he will have his take.
It is simply cut
and don't open the drawer.
For a long time I would get an object of
which I would also need to feel.
The more the kitchen is thought out
well and more correctly equipped, as well
cooking will become a greater pleasure.
I also noticed the lack of this riser
of the top, which has as its purpose the formation
a barrier against water penetration,
but also of food scraps through
the space formed between the tiles and the countertop.
So with this fitted
uplifter, let's get rid of this one
problem that, over time, can
cause a lot of trouble.
At the same time, the presence of this
Elevator provides the kitchen
a neat aesthetic appearance.
In the same category include
and the plinth that is used at
the level of the kitchen legs.
This, like the riser, has
has a protective role against water,
but also food scraps.
An advantage would be that this can be done
remove whenever we want to
we clean under the furniture bodies.
If the kitchen space forces you to
you position the table so that you pass
very often by her side, I suggest
to apply this rounding method
cultures, which will save you both
you and your family members
of many unwanted accidents.
Usually when it comes to
furniture assembly, room
that is completed.
From the point of view of arrangement
interior has finished walls, sockets
fixed, the parquet, the tiles are laid.
That's why I think it's very
important to place as correctly as possible
every detail in that room
to enjoy the furniture and
space as generous and optimized as possible.
I pretended to be a cook